Last year, the smoking tire went
on the Bull run Live rally
in the 2010 Ford SVT RAPT.
I liked it so much, I bought one.
Here it is.
We're going back to Bull run this year,
of course, with help from our
friends at Black Magic.
We're so serious about it,
we got two Valentine One radar detectors.
Oh, yeah.
So we're all set up.
And the reason we got two is because we're
going to be going a little bit faster.
We got a 2011 Shelby GT 500 with a 550
horsepower, all aluminum V8.
We are going to be right in the action,
bringing you guys a video every single
day, live from the Bull Run Rally,
July ninth to 16th.
And the only place to watch
it is on blackmagicShine.
Com or right here on the smoking tire.